_pages/about.md, before:

---
permalink: /
title: "About me"
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

Hello, I'm Leo Wandersleb.


Bitcoin
=======

I'm "into Bitcoin" since 2012 and since October 2015 Bitcoin developer for the
[Mycelium Bitcoin Wallet](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mycelium.wallet).


Background
==========

I hold a diploma in Mathematics from [TU München](https://www.tum.de/), was a
game developer for [Travian](https://www.traviangames.com/en/), did
[some attempts](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=de.leowandersleb.fluxcards)
at doing my own apps and [some history](https://github.com/Giszmo/) contributed
to several open source projects.

What made me start this page?
========

Not only in my job at Mycelium, my main interest is wallet security. Should I
ever not be the release manager of my daily Bitcoin wallet, how should I trust
any of them? Reviewing the changes that go into Myceium is a full time job and
security considerations are a common reason for changes before a relase.

Many wallets boast to be open source but do not provide even the claim of being
verifiable, with some even hiding the team in secrecy, making them the perfect
candidates for exit scams.

How can we raise awarenes to the issue of released binaries not being what the
authors claim they are? Do we need a few wallets exit-scamming or can we
protect at least the cautious users? And lastly, are the cautious users willing
to chip in to improve the situation in one form or another?

Commit message:

turned personal blog into project page

_pages/about.md, after:

---
permalink: /
title: "About"
excerpt: "What made us start this project"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

**Wallet Security Guard** is a project aimed at improving the security of the
major Bitcoin wallets.

What made us start this page?
========

Not only in our job at Mycelium, we cared about wallet security. How should we
trust any of them without compiling them ourselves?

Reviewing the changes that go into a wallet is a full time job and
security considerations are a common reason to reject changes at Mycelium.

Many wallets boast to be open source but do not provide even the claim of being
verifiable, with some even hiding the team in secrecy, making them the perfect
candidates for exit scams.

How can we raise awarenes to the issue of released binaries not being what the
authors claim they are? Do we need a few wallets exit-scamming or can we
protect at least the cautious users? And lastly, are the cautious users willing
to chip in to improve the situation in one form or another?
