_hardware/bitbox01.md, before:

---
title: BitBox01 (Digital BitBox)
appId: bitbox01
authors:
- kiwilamb
released: 
discontinued: 
updated: 
version: 
binaries: 
dimensions: 
weight: 
provider: Shift Crypto
providerWebsite: https://shiftcrypto.ch
website: >-
  https://www.amazon.com/Digital-Bitbox-DBB1707-Cryptocurrency-Hardware/dp/B06XGKQ929
shop: >-
  https://www.amazon.com/Digital-Bitbox-DBB1707-Cryptocurrency-Hardware/dp/B06XGKQ929
country: CH
price: 79USD
repository: 
issue: 
icon: bitbox01.png
bugbounty: 
meta: defunct
verdict: noita
date: 2021-08-17
signer: 
reviewArchive: 
twitter: 
social:
- https://www.facebook.com/Shiftcrypto
- https://github.com/digitalbitbox

---

This product has been superseded by the {% include walletLink.html wallet='hardware/bitBox2' verdict='true' %} device as [stated by the provider](https://shiftcrypto.support/help/en-us/16-bitbox01/143-bitbox01-end-of-sale-life-faqs) it is end of life. Bitbox1 owners can get a discount on the later bitbox2. Bitbox1 is considered discontinued.

For lack of a screen, this product would otherwise fall into our category {% include verdictBadge.html verdict="noita" type='medium' %}.

Commit message:

Update meta verdicts for Out of Stock HWWs

_hardware/bitbox01.md, after:

---
title: BitBox01 (Digital BitBox)
appId: bitbox01
authors:
- kiwilamb
- danny
released: 
discontinued: 
updated: 
version: 
binaries: 
dimensions: 
weight: 
provider: Shift Crypto
providerWebsite: https://shiftcrypto.ch
website: >-
  https://www.amazon.com/Digital-Bitbox-DBB1707-Cryptocurrency-Hardware/dp/B06XGKQ929
shop: >-
  https://www.amazon.com/Digital-Bitbox-DBB1707-Cryptocurrency-Hardware/dp/B06XGKQ929
country: CH
price: 79USD
repository: 
issue: 
icon: bitbox01.png
bugbounty: 
meta: discontinued
verdict: noita
date: 2022-08-17
signer: 
reviewArchive: 
twitter: 
social:
- https://www.facebook.com/Shiftcrypto
- https://github.com/digitalbitbox

---

## Update 2022-11-24

Though not sold by the vendor anymore, the vendor has indicated updating the device's firmware through the app, for legacy users. 

> Since November 2019 we stopped selling the BitBox01. We will continue to support the BitBox01 in our app and through support@shiftcrypto.ch for the foreseeable future.

## Previous Update 2021-08-17

This product has been superseded by the {% include walletLink.html wallet='hardware/bitBox2' verdict='true' %} device as [stated by the provider](https://shiftcrypto.support/help/en-us/16-bitbox01/143-bitbox01-end-of-sale-life-faqs) it is end of life. Bitbox1 owners can get a discount on the later bitbox2. Bitbox1 is considered discontinued. 

For lack of a screen, this product would otherwise fall into our category {% include verdictBadge.html verdict="noita" type='medium' %}.
