_hardware/bitstash.md, before:

---
title: "ASTRI Hardware Wallet"
appId: astri
authors:
- danny
released: 
discontinued: 
updated: 
version: 
binaries: 
dimensions: 
weight: 
provider: "eCoinConcepts, LLC."
providerWebsite: 
website: https://web.archive.org/web/20150213010806/https://bitstash.com/
shop: 
country: US
price: 159USD
repository: 
issue: 
icon: bitstash.png
bugbounty: 
meta: defunct
verdict: prerelease
date: 2022-03-21
signer: 
reviewArchive: 
twitter: bitstashCTO
social: 
---

There are currently other cryptocurrency related projects that have a similar but unrelated name.

BitStash's website is no longer available. Twitter mentions about the device date way back in 2014 with the latest in 2015. This device is clearly no longer available. The founder tried to bring the product to KickStarter, but was [rejected](https://cointelegraph.com/news/an-inside-look-at-bitstashs-new-3-tier-hardware-wallet-interview-with-cto-trevor-murphy). 

To briefly summarize: 

It had "3-tier wallet system"

> - A) Cold Storage, stored on doubly encrypted USB drives, it cannot be spent unless plugged into BitStash. This is for long term savings. Keep it in a safe or bank vault.
>
> - B) Device/Home wallet. This is on the BitStash itself. Accessed over hardened Bluetooth, it's ultra secure, but accessible from your Desktop & Mobile devices. This is like your checking account. Use it for paying bills, trading, online shopping etc.
>
> - C) Mobile wallet. This resides on your phone, as do the private keys, fully encrypted of course. Keep small balances, backed up by the device, here and use them for spending Bitcoin while out of range of BitStash. Importantly you can receive Bitcoin into the Device & Cold Storage wallets using BIP32 generated addresses on your mobile device.

Given that the product **didn't make it to market**, we would cease our analysis from here.

Commit message:

Draft to be submitted 2022-3-23
I am a bit confused as to why the images are not showing.
I assume that the changes are all "consolidated" after I have made the last commit and made the final MR.

_hardware/bitstash.md, after:

---
title: "BitStash Hardware Wallet"
appId: bitstash
authors:
- danny
released: 
discontinued: 2018-02-24
updated: 
version: 
binaries: 
dimensions: 
weight: 
provider: "eCoinConcepts, LLC."
providerWebsite: 
website: https://web.archive.org/web/20150213010806/https://bitstash.com/
shop: 
country: US
price: 159USD
repository: 
issue: 
icon: bitstash.png
bugbounty: 
meta: defunct
verdict: unreleased
date: 2022-03-21
signer: 
reviewArchive: 
twitter: bitstashCTO
social: 
---

There are currently other cryptocurrency related projects that have a similar but unrelated name.

BitStash's website is no longer available. Twitter mentions about the device, date way back in 2014 with the latest in 2015. This device is clearly no longer available. The founder tried to bring the product to KickStarter, but was [denied](https://cointelegraph.com/news/an-inside-look-at-bitstashs-new-3-tier-hardware-wallet-interview-with-cto-trevor-murphy). 

To briefly summarize: 

It had a "3-tier wallet system"

> - A) Cold Storage, stored on doubly encrypted USB drives, it cannot be spent unless plugged into BitStash. This is for long term savings. Keep it in a safe or bank vault.
>
> - B) Device/Home wallet. This is on the BitStash itself. Accessed over hardened Bluetooth, it's ultra secure, but accessible from your Desktop & Mobile devices. This is like your checking account. Use it for paying bills, trading, online shopping etc.
>
> - C) Mobile wallet. This resides on your phone, as do the private keys, fully encrypted of course. Keep small balances, backed up by the device, here and use them for spending Bitcoin while out of range of BitStash. Importantly you can receive Bitcoin into the Device & Cold Storage wallets using BIP32 generated addresses on your mobile device.

The [last tweet of the founder](https://twitter.com/bitstashCTO/status/967317699847184384) was made on February 24, 2018. Given that the product **didn't make it to market**, we would cease our analysis from here until new information arises.
