_hardware/cryptowatch.md, before:

---
title: "Crypto Wallet Watch"
appId: cryptowatch
authors:
- danny
released: 
discontinued: 
updated: 
version: 
binaries: 
dimensions: 
weight: 
provider: "CryptoWatch"
providerWebsite: 
website: https://web.archive.org/web/20190626112618/https://thecryptowatch.org/en/
shop: 
country: RU
price: 400XCW
repository: 
issue: 
icon: cryptowatch.png
bugbounty: 
meta: defunct
verdict: unreleased
date: 2022-03-22
signer: 
reviewArchive: 
twitter: thecryptowatchO
social: 
  - https://www.facebook.com/pg/The-Crypto-Watch-294696411478627
  - https://vk.com/thecryptowatch
  - https://t.me/thecryptowatch_org 
---

**⚠️ Note:** The project held an STO (Security Token Offering) from 2019-01-06 up to 2019-02-08. The only available images of the watch are renderings. The project is also associated with an Ethereum token called XCW and a decentralized exchange. We checked the Telegram channel, and the last message dated March 6, 2020 was: 

> The account of the user that created this channel has been inactive for the last 5 months. If it remains inactive in the next 10 days, that account will self-destruct and this channel will no longer have a creator.

Despite the publicity, we have qualms about its physical existence. Their website states that you can buy the watch for 400XCW.

## Product Description

From the [whitepaper](https://web.archive.org/web/20190712101739/https://thecryptowatch.org/en/white-paper/):

> - Mode: analog (hands), digital (digits).
> - Case: Steel
> - Strap: Genuine Leather
> - Screen: LCD touch screen, 37 mm
> - Protection: 25 m immersion, sapphire crystal
> - Additional options: calories burned, distance/steps/time traveled, physical activity, pulse measurement, sleep, ECG
> - Battery life: Li-Ion battery, up to 72 hours of battery life.

Further details: 

> Secure Element (SE) is a protection against unauthorized interference. The chip has been developed to withstand complex attacks and is able to reliably protect the hosting of apps and their confidential and cryptographic data. SEs are usually used in credit cards, SIM cards, or ID cards.

A CryptoWatch app is mentioned, but we could not find any links to download from the archived page. A search on Google Play, displays [3 results with a similar name](https://play.google.com/store/search?q=thecryptowatch&c=apps&hl=en&gl=US), but unrelated website or appearance. The CryptoWatch app on the Apple Store is an app developed by Kraken meant to track the prices of cryptocurrencies.

> theCryptoWatch has a simple and easy-to-use application for PCs and mobile devices called theCryptoWatch App.
This application, designed for cryptocurrency wallets, allows you to: manage devices and crypto assets through a single window, send and receive funds, make new accounts and manage devices for cold storage of cryptocurrencies. The private key is reliably stored on the device.

## Verdict 

There is a lot of cryptographic and technical terms described in vague terms. There are however, no specific description for how theCryptoWatch would function. There is no specific mention of how the watch interfaces with the mobile application (which we also could not find). Although it mentions that the "Secure Element" would secure the private keys, there is no mention that this is how the watch would work. There are no pictures of the actual device or unboxing videos on Youtube. Finally, much of the material seem to be focused on the STO or fundraising. 

Absent evidence to the contrary, we can only determine that the CryptoWatch was **never released** at all.

Commit message:

Draft to be submitted 2022-3-23
I am a bit confused as to why the images are not showing.
I assume that the changes are all "consolidated" after I have made the last commit and made the final MR.

_hardware/cryptowatch.md, after:

---
title: "Crypto Watch"
appId: cryptowatch
authors:
- danny
released: 
discontinued: 
updated: 
version: 
binaries: 
dimensions: 
weight: 
provider: "CryptoWatch"
providerWebsite: 
website: https://web.archive.org/web/20190626112618/https://thecryptowatch.org/en/
shop: 
country: RU
price: 400XCW
repository: 
issue: 
icon: cryptowatch.png
bugbounty: 
meta: defunct
verdict: unreleased
date: 2022-03-22
signer: 
reviewArchive: 
twitter: thecryptowatchO
social: 
  - https://www.facebook.com/pg/The-Crypto-Watch-294696411478627
  - https://vk.com/thecryptowatch
  - https://t.me/thecryptowatch_org 
---

**⚠️ Note:** The project held an STO (Security Token Offering) from 2019-01-06 up to 2019-02-08. The only available images of the watch are renderings. The project is also associated with an Ethereum token called XCW and a decentralized exchange. We checked the Telegram channel, and the last message dated March 6, 2020 was: 

> The account of the user that created this channel has been inactive for the last 5 months. If it remains inactive in the next 10 days, that account will self-destruct and this channel will no longer have a creator.

Despite the publicity, we have qualms about its physical existence. Their website states that you can buy the watch for 400XCW.

## Product Description

From the [whitepaper](https://web.archive.org/web/20190712101739/https://thecryptowatch.org/en/white-paper/):

> - Mode: analog (hands), digital (digits).
> - Case: Steel
> - Strap: Genuine Leather
> - Screen: LCD touch screen, 37 mm
> - Protection: 25 m immersion, sapphire crystal
> - Additional options: calories burned, distance/steps/time traveled, physical activity, pulse measurement, sleep, ECG
> - Battery life: Li-Ion battery, up to 72 hours of battery life.

Further details: 

> Secure Element (SE) is a protection against unauthorized interference. The chip has been developed to withstand complex attacks and is able to reliably protect the hosting of apps and their confidential and cryptographic data. SEs are usually used in credit cards, SIM cards, or ID cards.

A CryptoWatch app is mentioned, but we could not find any links to download from the archived page. A search on Google Play, displays [3 results with a similar name](https://play.google.com/store/search?q=thecryptowatch&c=apps&hl=en&gl=US), but unrelated website or appearance. The CryptoWatch app on the Apple Store is an app developed by Kraken meant to track the prices of cryptocurrencies.

> theCryptoWatch has a simple and easy-to-use application for PCs and mobile devices called theCryptoWatch App.
This application, designed for cryptocurrency wallets, allows you to: manage devices and crypto assets through a single window, send and receive funds, make new accounts and manage devices for cold storage of cryptocurrencies. The private key is reliably stored on the device.

## Verdict 

There is a lot of cryptographic and technical terms described in vague terms. There are however, no specific description for how the CryptoWatch would function. There is no specific mention of how the watch interfaces with the mobile application (which we also could not find). Although it mentions the "Secure Element" would secure the private keys, there is no mention whether this is how the watch would work. There are no pictures of the actual device or unboxing videos on Youtube. Finally, much of the material seem to be focused on the STO or fundraising. 

Absent evidence to the contrary, we can only determine that the CryptoWatch was **never released** at all. Absent any evidence that it would be released in the near future, we have to assume that it would never be.
