_hardware/secuxstonew20.md, before:

---
title: SecuX STONE W20
appId: secuxstonew20
authors:
- kiwilamb
- danny
released: 
discontinued: 
updated: 
version: 
binaries: 
dimensions:
- 59
- 89
- 13
weight: 62
provider: SecuX Technology Inc.
providerWebsite: https://secuxtech.com
website: >-
  https://shop.secuxtech.com/products/w20-hardware-wallet-for-computer-mobile-user/
shop: >-
  https://shop.secuxtech.com/products/w20-hardware-wallet-for-computer-mobile-user/
country: TW
price: 119USD
repository: 
issue: 
icon: secuxstonew20.png
bugbounty: 
meta: ok
verdict: wip
date: 2021-12-08
signer: 
reviewArchive: 
twitter: SecuXwallet
social:
- https://www.linkedin.com/company/secuxtech
- https://www.facebook.com/secuxtech

---

The device can be paired with a mobile phone app via Bluetooth:

{% include walletLink.html wallet='android/com.secux.mobile' verdict='true' %}

## Private keys can be created offline - ✔️

From the [SecuX manual](https://secuxtech.com/secuxtech-download/User-Manual/SecuX-User-Manual-2020.pdf)

> 2. Device Initialization
When the device leaves the factory, there is no private key pre-set in the device. You will be asked to generate your own unique private key or restore an existing private key (using recovery words) during device initialization.

## Private keys are not shared - ✔️

The device has a tamper seal that changes its appearance when the device is first opened. Therefore, when the device is first initialized, the private keys that are generated never leave the device. 

> equipped with an Infineon SLE solid Flash CC EAL5+ Secure Element chip, which is used to securely store your unique PIN and Private Key. It enables zero transaction leakage and your transactions are verified without the private key ever leaving the device. The Infineon Secure Element Chip also comes with a security feature: self-destructive mechanism when exposed to light, in case someone wants to break into your wallet and steal the data inside.

From [Security FAQs](https://secuxtech.com/faq/).

## Device displays receive address for confirmation - ✔️

As shown on this [youtube screengrab](https://twitter.com/BitcoinWalletz/status/1466344015670898693) The display can adequately display the receiving address for confirmation.

## Interface

The SecuX Stone W20 has a 2.8 inch color touchscreen which is wide enough to display confirmation as well as other wallet interface necessities.

## Reproducibility

Secuxtech does not have any text on their page claiming that their hardware wallet is open source. However, they do have a repository named ['SecuX Device Firmware'](https://github.com/secuxtech/SecuXMCU).

It may be worth looking into.

Commit message:

Update meta verdicts for Out of Stock HWWs

_hardware/secuxstonew20.md, after:

---
title: SecuX STONE W20
appId: secuxstonew20
authors:
- kiwilamb
- danny
released: 
discontinued: 
updated: 
version: 
binaries: 
dimensions:
- 59
- 89
- 13
weight: 62
provider: SecuX Technology Inc.
providerWebsite: https://secuxtech.com
website: >-
  https://shop.secuxtech.com/products/w20-hardware-wallet-for-computer-mobile-user/
shop: >-
  https://shop.secuxtech.com/products/w20-hardware-wallet-for-computer-mobile-user/
country: TW
price: 119USD
repository: https://github.com/secuxtech/SecuXMCU
issue: 
icon: secuxstonew20.png
bugbounty: 
meta: ok
verdict: wip
date: 2022-11-24
signer: 
reviewArchive: 
twitter: SecuXwallet
social:
- https://www.linkedin.com/company/secuxtech
- https://www.facebook.com/secuxtech

---

## Updated Verdict 2022-11-24

Although the device has no claims that it is Open Source, its firmware's source is available and is still actively updated. 

Leo previously mentioned on [Issue 379](https://gitlab.com/walletscrutiny/walletScrutinyCom/-/issues/379) that: 

> I could not find anything on their use of the SE and neither could I find the SE firmware's source code. If the SE is solely responsible for the creation of entropy or the creation of the master key supposedly using entropy from the MCU without verification that MCU entropy was used, the SE firmware would be a potential attack vector that would be impossible to audit if closed source or public source without being reproducible.
Furthermore the firmware update does not detail the location where the MCU and SE firmware gets loaded from or how to verify their fingerprints.
> 
> Until these issues are resolved, we have to list this product (and probably all three of their products) as closed source.

Pending the response of SecuX tech, I think it's worth the benefit of the doubt to hear what they have to say. 

## Previous Verdict

The device can be paired with a mobile phone app via Bluetooth:

{% include walletLink.html wallet='android/com.secux.mobile' verdict='true' %}

## Private keys can be created offline - ✔️

From the [SecuX manual](https://secuxtech.com/secuxtech-download/User-Manual/SecuX-User-Manual-2020.pdf)

> 2. Device Initialization
When the device leaves the factory, there is no private key pre-set in the device. You will be asked to generate your own unique private key or restore an existing private key (using recovery words) during device initialization.

## Private keys are not shared - ✔️

The device has a tamper seal that changes its appearance when the device is first opened. Therefore, when the device is first initialized, the private keys that are generated never leave the device. 

> equipped with an Infineon SLE solid Flash CC EAL5+ Secure Element chip, which is used to securely store your unique PIN and Private Key. It enables zero transaction leakage and your transactions are verified without the private key ever leaving the device. The Infineon Secure Element Chip also comes with a security feature: self-destructive mechanism when exposed to light, in case someone wants to break into your wallet and steal the data inside.

From [Security FAQs](https://secuxtech.com/faq/).

## Device displays receive address for confirmation - ✔️

As shown on this [youtube screengrab](https://twitter.com/BitcoinWalletz/status/1466344015670898693) The display can adequately display the receiving address for confirmation.

## Interface

The SecuX Stone W20 has a 2.8 inch color touchscreen which is wide enough to display confirmation as well as other wallet interface necessities.

## Reproducibility

Secuxtech does not have any text on their page claiming that their hardware wallet is open source. However, they do have a repository named ['SecuX Device Firmware'](https://github.com/secuxtech/SecuXMCU).

It may be worth looking into.
