_hardware/seedhammer.md, before:

---
title: SeedHammer
appId: SeedHammer
authors:
- danny
released: 2022-08-07
discontinued: 
updated: 
version: 
binaries: 
dimensions: 
weight: 
provider: SeedHammer
providerWebsite: 
website: 
shop: 
country: 
price: 999 USD
repository: 
issue: 
icon: seedhammer.png
bugbounty: 
meta: ok
verdict: unreleased
date: 2023-02-24
signer: 
reviewArchive: 
twitter: SeedHammer
social: 

---

## Product Description 

> Metal engraving machine for #bitcoin backup seeds. Create single/multisig #coldstorage with seed words, QR codes and xpubs. Trustless, air gapped and verifiable

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">The SeedHammer machine printing a <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/bitcoin?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#bitcoin</a> seed phrase and its seed QR representation (private side of the plate) 🔨 <a href="https://t.co/pk4KJcOYAF">pic.twitter.com/pk4KJcOYAF</a></p>&mdash; SeedHammer (@SeedHammer) <a href="https://twitter.com/SeedHammer/status/1556275131688837120?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">August 7, 2022</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

As of February 24, 2023, the {{ page.title }} does not have:

- a website where users could order
- a publicly available repository

It primarily does its marketing via twitter and pre-orders via twitter DM.

## Analysis

At $999, the {{ page.title }} seems to operate under a lot of secrecy. It does not have a website, online shop and conducts business primarily through pre-orders made via twitter DM. 

While the utility of a machine that can engrave QR codes and seed phrases on a stainless steel plate does seem appealling, the absence of a publicly available repository brings many questions to mind. 

One of them is - will the app's source that controls the machine, be made publicly available? 

Since many details are not yet apparent right now, this device (which is still in pre-order) is categorized as **not yet released**.

Commit message:

changed verdict of seedhammer, merged keevo.carbonkey with keevo.md

_hardware/seedhammer.md, after:

---
title: SeedHammer
appId: SeedHammer
authors:
- danny
released: 2022-08-07
discontinued: 
updated: 
version: 
binaries: 
dimensions: 
weight: 
provider: SeedHammer
providerWebsite: 
website: 
shop: 
country: 
price: 999 USD
repository: https://github.com/seedhammer/seedhammer
issue: 
icon: seedhammer.png
bugbounty: 
meta: ok
verdict: nowallet
date: 2023-04-04
signer: 
reviewArchive: 
twitter: SeedHammer
social: 

---

## Updated Review 2023-04-04

We changed the verdict to indicate that it is not a wallet. On another note, it has recently made the software for its engraving machine, [publicly available](https://github.com/seedhammer/seedhammer).

## Product Description 

> Metal engraving machine for #bitcoin backup seeds. Create single/multisig #coldstorage with seed words, QR codes and xpubs. Trustless, air gapped and verifiable

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">The SeedHammer machine printing a <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/bitcoin?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#bitcoin</a> seed phrase and its seed QR representation (private side of the plate) 🔨 <a href="https://t.co/pk4KJcOYAF">pic.twitter.com/pk4KJcOYAF</a></p>&mdash; SeedHammer (@SeedHammer) <a href="https://twitter.com/SeedHammer/status/1556275131688837120?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">August 7, 2022</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

As of February 24, 2023, the {{ page.title }} does not have:

- a website where users could order
- a publicly available repository

It primarily does its marketing via twitter and pre-orders via twitter DM.

## Analysis

At $999, the {{ page.title }} seems to operate under a lot of secrecy. It does not have a website, online shop and conducts business primarily through pre-orders made via twitter DM. 

While the utility of a machine that can engrave QR codes and seed phrases on a stainless steel plate does seem appealling, the absence of a publicly available repository brings many questions to mind. 

One of them is - will the app's source that controls the machine, be made publicly available? 

Since many details are not yet apparent right now, this device (which is still in pre-order) is categorized as **not yet released**.
