---
title: BhCoins
appId: bhcoins
authors:
- danny
released: 2013-09-11
discontinued: 
updated: 
version: 
binaries: 
dimensions: 
weight: 8.6
provider: yamaka and aEnima
providerWebsite: 
website: >-
  https://web.archive.org/web/20140414040117/https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=292223.0
shop: 
country: AR
price: 
repository: 
issue: 
icon: bhcoins.png
bugbounty: 
meta: defunct
verdict: prefilled
date: 2022-05-19
signer: 
reviewArchive: 
twitter: 
social: 
features: 

---

## Background

{{ page.title }} were first introduced [in a BitcoinTalk thread](https://web.archive.org/web/20140414040117/https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=292223.0) on September 11, 2013. Production lasted from 2013 [to the fourth and last product series](https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=951699.0) in 2015.

Here is the introduction found in the earliest thread. This contains information on the coins' technical specifications as well as on how the keys are generated.

> We are yamaka and aEnima bitcoin long time users and we create bhCoins brand physical coins denominated 0,10 bitcoin.
>
> Physical bills are the best way to do local, person to person transactions.
>
> All un-needed keys are then shredded and burned. We use bitaddress.org script to generate public and private keys in a offline laptop with live ubuntu distro. We don't keep copies of generated private keys, so if the coin is damaged, lost or stolen you will LOST ALL THE BTC on it !!! so be extremely carefully keeping the coins safe.<br />
26mm Diameter x 2.15 mm thick brass metal coin with tamper-evident security hologram . 14.5 mm x 14.5mm QR code square containing private key is under the hologram. Also the paper have private key in WIF format to use in bitcoin clients with support as blockchain.info <br />
Each coin has a sequential number printed on the hologram to refer bitcoin address in our Full list. Coin is loaded when buyer receives the coin and release escrow.

[Series 2](https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=331084.msg3551411#msg3551411) did not have that big of a distinction from the first series and had little information in its thread. It was released on November 12 of the same year.

### [Series 3](https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=794678.0)

> Hi, we’re proud to introduce you the brand new bhCoin 2F Serie 3 (BIP38 compatible or Two Factor coin). <br />
It's a limited edition of 200 coins, and we reserve for ourself the first 20 of them. We generate the encrypted key (BIP38) and we assemble the coin and send it to you via registered letter mail. <br />
Along with the coin we send you a certificate with the passphrase randomly generated so you can redeem the coin funds on a bitcoin wallet compatible with BIP38, as blockchain.info/wallet is. You contact us and we send you a custom payment address. After receiving the payment we ship you asap. <br />
The coins are UNFUNDED. We can fund them if buyer send us the 0.1 btc for each coin.

While the key is still prefilled, Series 3 now states it uses BIP38 encryption and sends buyers the randomly generated passphrase on a certificate. The thread also included instructions on how to fund or redeem the coin.

### [Series 4](https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=951699.0)

> Hi, we are proud to introduce you the brand new bhCoins Serie 4 DIY (Do It Yourself) physical coin. Only 600 coins minted (150 of each finish).
> 
  - 28mm diameter
  - 2 mm thickness
  - 20 mm hologram diameter
  -10x10 mm back square
  - 8.6 grams weight
>
> Option 1 DIY kit includes: <br />
  1 coin assembled with numbered hologram and WIF private key, coin capsule, coin zip bag.
>
> Option 2 DIY kit with: <br />
   1 coin unassembled, 2 printed WIF private keys, 2 holograms (without numbering), coin capsule, coin zip bag
   

## Verdict

As quoted above, the private keys come **prefilled** and are generated by the providers. This means the owner of the coins would have to trust that the providers are being honest when they claim that "they don't keep copies of generated private keys."

All four of the series threads are closed and the [providers](https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?action=profile;u=182174) haven't seen activity since 2016. Due to this, we can qualify the product as **defunct.**