_android/at.smartlab.tshop.md, before:

---
wsId: 
title: "TabShop POS - Point of Sale"
altTitle: 
authors:
- danny
users: 500000
appId: at.smartlab.tshop
released: 2012-12-22
updated: 2021-09-10
version: "197"
stars: 4.2
ratings: 3722
reviews: 1621
size: 6.6M
website: 
repository: 
issue: 
icon: at.smartlab.tshop.png
bugbounty: 
verdict: nowallet
date: 2021-08-21
signer: 
reviewArchive:


providerTwitter: 
providerLinkedIn: 
providerFacebook: 
providerReddit: 

redirect_from:

---


. TabShop Point of Sale (POS) app is the perfect companion app for your retail store, cafe, bar, restaurant, pizzeria, bakery, coffee shop, food truck, grocery store, beauty salon, car wash and more.

This does not sound like a BTC wallet.

> TabShop manages several tables, to generate gift cards, checkout with Bitcoin, PayPal and Stripe, and to directly scan product codes with the built in camera.

We assume it is possible to send/receive BTC payments with this app, but it is not actually meant to be used as a wallet. Therefore we mark this as **not a wallet.**

Commit message:

NoWallet verdict reviews + iphones/images

_android/at.smartlab.tshop.md, after:

---
wsId: 
title: "TabShop POS - Point of Sale"
altTitle: 
authors:
- danny
users: 500000
appId: at.smartlab.tshop
released: 2012-12-22
updated: 2021-09-10
version: "197"
stars: 4.2
ratings: 3722
reviews: 1621
size: 6.6M
website: 
repository: 
issue: 
icon: at.smartlab.tshop.png
bugbounty: 
verdict: nosource
date: 2021-08-21
signer: 
reviewArchive:


providerTwitter: 
providerLinkedIn: 
providerFacebook: 
providerReddit: 

redirect_from:

---


> TabShop Point of Sale (POS) app is the perfect companion app for your retail store, cafe, bar, restaurant, pizzeria, bakery, coffee shop, food truck, grocery store, beauty salon, car wash and more.

As the app description says, this is a point of sale.

> TabShop manages several tables, to generate gift cards, **checkout with Bitcoin**, PayPal and Stripe, and to directly scan product codes with the built in camera.

It is possible to send/receive BTC payments with this app, but it was not created to be used mainly as a wallet.

[An article from August 5, 2014](https://www.smartlab.at/tabshop-android-point-of-sale-adds-bitcoin-support/) says that TabShop POS has added Bitcoin support.

>  Bitcoin seems to be a nice addition to the ever improving domain of mobile and independent payment methods. **In combination with the [Android Bitcoin Wallet](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=de.schildbach.wallet) TabShop offers a handy Point of Sales solution for all Bitcoin enthusiasts!**

Said wallet is {% include walletLink.html wallet='android/de.schildbach.wallet' verdict='true' %}

## Verdict 

This app is a wallet in the sense that it CAN hold your Bitcoin. When it comes to verifying source, however, we cannot find any indication that this is meant to be an open-source project. There's no officially linked Github accounts or repositories, TabShop never mentions having any source available, and searching Github for the Play Store ID does not return relevant results pertaining to this app's source code.

With this information in mind, we assume that this is a **closed-source product** and thus **not verifiable.**
