_android/com.quicrypto.md, before:

---
wsId: 
title: "Quicrypto: Earn Crypto & Free Bitcoin"
altTitle: 
authors:

users: 100000
appId: com.quicrypto
released: 2019-11-12
latestUpdate: 2021-06-17
version: "3.12.0"
stars: 3.7
ratings: 4750
reviews: 2901
size: 26M
website: http://www.quicrypto.com
repository: 
issue: 
icon: com.quicrypto.png
bugbounty: 
verdict: wip # wip fewusers nowallet nobtc obfuscated custodial nosource nonverifiable reproducible bounty defunct
date: 2021-06-18
reviewStale: true
signer: 
reviewArchive:


providerTwitter: quicrypto
providerLinkedIn: 
providerFacebook: Quicrypto
providerReddit: 

redirect_from:

---


**Update 2021-04-25**: This app is not on Google Play anymore. It wasn't a
wallet anyway.

This app "pays" you in Bitcoin and Nano for tasks

> What is Quicrypto?
> 
> Quicrypto is a “reward app” that allows its users to earn money (in the form of the Nano cryptocurrency) by watching ads and completeing offers.

and one of the early tasks appears to be to give a five star rating:

> Filip Zdravkovic
> 
> What a scam.Unfortunatelly people still fall for it and the only reason it has
  a good rating is because they promise you a some coins for it.Do not download
  this useless virus app.

They also have instructions on how to get a wallet, so ... it's not a wallet
itself.

Commit message:

- complete review with update and verdict

_android/com.quicrypto.md, after:

---
wsId: 
title: "Quicrypto: Earn Crypto & Free Bitcoin"
altTitle: 
authors:
- kiwilamb
users: 100000
appId: com.quicrypto
released: 2019-11-12
latestUpdate: 2021-06-17
version: "3.12.0"
stars: 3.7
ratings: 4750
reviews: 2901
size: 26M
website: http://www.quicrypto.com
repository: 
issue: 
icon: com.quicrypto.png
bugbounty: 
verdict: nowallet # wip fewusers nowallet nobtc obfuscated custodial nosource nonverifiable reproducible bounty defunct
date: 2021-06-18
reviewStale: true
signer: 
reviewArchive:

providerTwitter: quicrypto
providerLinkedIn: 
providerFacebook: Quicrypto
providerReddit: 

redirect_from:

---

**Update 2021-06-21**: This app is not a wallet.

> We are using Points as user balance to emphasize that Quicrypto is not a wallet or a monetary service provider. 



**Update 2021-04-25**: This app is not on Google Play anymore. It wasn't a
wallet anyway.

This app "pays" you in Bitcoin and Nano for tasks

> What is Quicrypto?
> 
> Quicrypto is a “reward app” that allows its users to earn money (in the form of the Nano cryptocurrency) by watching ads and completeing offers.

and one of the early tasks appears to be to give a five star rating:

> Filip Zdravkovic
> 
> What a scam.Unfortunatelly people still fall for it and the only reason it has
  a good rating is because they promise you a some coins for it.Do not download
  this useless virus app.

They also have instructions on how to get a wallet, so ... it's not a wallet
itself.
