_android/com.bit4you.app.md, before:

---
wsId: bit4you
title: bit4you - Cryptocurrency Trading Platform
altTitle: 
authors:
- danny
users: 10000
appId: com.bit4you.app
appCountry: 
released: Jan 18, 2018
updated: 2022-05-24
version: 0.9.1
stars: 
ratings: 
reviews: 
size: 
website: https://www.bit4you.io
repository: https://gitlab.com/bit4you
issue: 
icon: com.bit4you.app.png
bugbounty: 
meta: ok
verdict: custodial
date: 2022-07-20
signer: 
reviewArchive: 
twitter: Bit4you1
social: 
- https://www.facebook.com/bit4you.io/
- https://www.instagram.com/bit4you.io/
redirect_from: 

---

> bit4you is an European crypto assets exchange platform, facilitating the first step into the crypto world. Buy and sell your favorite crypto assets on a nice and easy way with bit4you. Once you feel comfortable with the crypto trading on your demo account, you can easily switch to real funds within the same account.

bit4you is an exchange platform.

> Unless otherwise provided by law, BIT4YOU may decide to terminate an account without having to give reasons, notice, formalities or indemnities to the client and will not be required to send any notification of refusal to the CLIENT but may According to its assessment, immediately close or suspend the CLIENT's wallet (or) and consistently refuse all exchange orders[...]

It is capable of suspending a customer's wallet.

Commit message:

Last three wallet reviews and icons for wsdanny7
+ a few changes to older commits from this branch

_android/com.bit4you.app.md, after:

---
wsId: bit4you
title: bit4you - Cryptocurrency Trading Platform
altTitle: 
authors:
- danny
users: 10000
appId: com.bit4you.app
appCountry: 
released: Jan 18, 2018
updated: 2022-05-24
version: 0.9.1
stars: 
ratings: 
reviews: 
size: 
website: https://www.bit4you.io
repository: https://gitlab.com/bit4you
issue: 
icon: com.bit4you.app.png
bugbounty: 
meta: ok
verdict: custodial
date: 2022-07-20
signer: 
reviewArchive: 
twitter: Bit4you1
social:
- https://www.facebook.com/bit4you.io/
- https://www.instagram.com/bit4you.io/
redirect_from: 

---

> bit4you is an European crypto assets exchange platform, facilitating the first step into the crypto world. Buy and sell your favorite crypto assets on a nice and easy way with bit4you. Once you feel comfortable with the crypto trading on your demo account, you can easily switch to real funds within the same account.

bit4you is an exchange platform.

> Unless otherwise provided by law, BIT4YOU may decide to terminate an account without having to give reasons, notice, formalities or indemnities to the client and will not be required to send any notification of refusal to the CLIENT but may According to its assessment, immediately close or suspend the CLIENT's wallet (or) and consistently refuse all exchange orders[...]

[From Terms and Conditions, section 24.](https://www.bit4you.io/terms-and-conditions) It is capable of suspending a customer's wallet.
