_android/com.tongtong.wallet.md, before:

---
wsId: etomato
title: 통통지갑 – 내 손안의 블록체인 지갑
altTitle: 
authors:
- danny 
users: 10000
appId: com.tongtong.wallet
appCountry: 
released: Apr 21, 2022
updated: 2023-02-24
version: 1.4.1
stars: 
ratings: 
reviews: 
size: 
website: https://tongtongwallet.com/
repository: 
issue: 
icon: com.tongtong.wallet.png
bugbounty: 
meta: ok
verdict: wip
date: 2022-07-31
signer: 
reviewArchive: 
twitter: tomatochain
social:
- https://www.instagram.com/tomatochain_official/
- https://t.me/tomatochain_official_Eng 
redirect_from: 
features: 

---

## App Description from [Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.tongtong.wallet) 

> Tongtong Wallet is a key element of the Tongtong Coin platform, which is a secure and easy-to-use cryptocurrency and mileage wallet.
>
> - Verified security
> - With the user's private key, the user has complete control over his or her assets

## Analysis 

We downloaded and installed the app, but failed to register because we did not receive a confirmation code. We will try again.

Commit message:

updates to tocce.vst, tongtong and walker.jtech

_android/com.tongtong.wallet.md, after:

---
wsId: etomato
title: 통통지갑 – 내 손안의 블록체인 지갑
altTitle: 
authors:
- danny 
users: 10000
appId: com.tongtong.wallet
appCountry: 
released: Apr 21, 2022
updated: 2023-02-24
version: 1.4.1
stars: 
ratings: 
reviews: 
size: 
website: https://tongtongwallet.com/
repository: 
issue: 
icon: com.tongtong.wallet.png
bugbounty: 
meta: ok
verdict: nosource
date: 2023-04-19
signer: 
reviewArchive: 
twitter: tomatochain
social:
- https://www.instagram.com/tomatochain_official/
- https://t.me/tomatochain_official_Eng 
redirect_from: 
features: 

---

## App Description from [Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.tongtong.wallet) 

> Tongtong Wallet is a key element of the Tongtong Coin platform, which is a secure and easy-to-use cryptocurrency and mileage wallet.
>
> - Verified security
> - With the user's private key, the user has complete control over his or her assets

## Information from the [website](https://ttwallet.io/howtouse?lang=en)

### [Bitcoin support:](https://ttwallet.io/?lang=en)
> TTC (Tong coin), TTM (Tong mile), Various cryptocurrencies
such as Bitcoin and Ethereum. You can manage them in your Tongtong wallet and remit them to others.

### Private key generation is possible 

> Once the security key generation is complete, the creation of the TongTong Wallet is complete.
>
> * You must record the 12 words of the security key separately.

## Analysis 

We downloaded and installed the app, but failed to register because we did not receive a confirmation code. 

According to the site description:

- The app can send and receive Bitcoin.
- Mnemonic phrase is provided 

However, the app does not make any claims that its source is publicly available. We also were not able to find the app's ID on GitHub. Since the app's **source is not publicly available**, it **cannot be verified**.
