_android/one.citadel.mobile.md, before:

---
wsId: CitadelOne
title: Citadel One
altTitle: 
authors:
- danny
users: 10000
appId: one.citadel.mobile
appCountry: 
released: Dec 29, 2020
updated: 2022-10-27
version: 2.4.2
stars: 4.1
ratings: 
reviews: 3
size: 
website: https://citadel.one/
repository: https://github.com/citadeldao
issue: 
icon: one.citadel.mobile.png
bugbounty: 
meta: ok
verdict: wip
date: 2022-07-01
signer: 
reviewArchive: 
twitter: CitadelDAO
social:
- https://www.reddit.com/r/citadeldao/
- https://medium.com/citadel-one
- https://www.instagram.com/citadeldao/
- https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCl6VvVIrAr7ztJ1Wf7xBxrA
- https://www.linkedin.com/company/citadel-one/
- https://www.facebook.com/Citadel.One
redirect_from: 

---

Citadel One is a staking platform that also serves as a multi-currency crypto wallet.

> You can create public addresses for all supported cryptocurrencies with one seed phrase or import an address generated by another wallet. 

[Upon creating a wallet](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UIotQ9-SEUo), you are provided with and asked to backup a 12-word mnemonic phrase.

From a post on Citadel One's [Medium account](https://medium.com/citadel-one/citadel-one-wallet-guide-df6fe0e87348#:~:text=After%20logging%20in%2C%20choose%20%E2%80%9CRestore,phrase%20and%20click%20%E2%80%9CNext%E2%80%9D.), *Citadel.one Wallet Guide*:

> Citadel.one is a non-custodial Proof-of-Stake platform for the management and storage of crypto assets.

The post also includes instructions on how to restore a wallet through the use of the seed phrase.

## Reproducibility

Citadel's GitHub account contains multiple repositories and appears to receive frequent updates. As such, this app is for verification.

Commit message:

update since last review is 5 months old

_android/one.citadel.mobile.md, after:

---
wsId: CitadelOne
title: Citadel One
altTitle: 
authors:
- danny
users: 10000
appId: one.citadel.mobile
appCountry: 
released: Dec 29, 2020
updated: 2022-10-27
version: 2.4.2
stars: 4.1
ratings: 
reviews: 3
size: 
website: https://citadel.one/
repository: 
issue: 
icon: one.citadel.mobile.png
bugbounty: 
meta: ok
verdict: nosource
date: 2022-12-08
signer: 
reviewArchive: 
twitter: CitadelDAO
social:
- https://www.reddit.com/r/citadeldao/
- https://medium.com/citadel-one
- https://www.instagram.com/citadeldao/
- https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCl6VvVIrAr7ztJ1Wf7xBxrA
- https://www.linkedin.com/company/citadel-one/
- https://www.facebook.com/Citadel.One
redirect_from: 

---

## Updated verdict 2022-12-08

- The multicurrency wallet generated a 12-word seed upon first initialization of the app. 
- It is possible to add a BTC wallet via, importing a file, entering a seed phrase or by importing a private key. 
- We were **not able to find a GitHub repository for the specific app**. There is an [organizational](https://github.com/citadeldao?tab=repositories) account.
- There were no links to a specific GitHub repository and no overt claims that it is source-available.


## Previous Update 2022-07-01

Citadel One is a staking platform that also serves as a multi-currency crypto wallet.

> You can create public addresses for all supported cryptocurrencies with one seed phrase or import an address generated by another wallet. 

[Upon creating a wallet](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UIotQ9-SEUo), you are provided with and asked to backup a 12-word mnemonic phrase.

From a post on Citadel One's [Medium account](https://medium.com/citadel-one/citadel-one-wallet-guide-df6fe0e87348#:~:text=After%20logging%20in%2C%20choose%20%E2%80%9CRestore,phrase%20and%20click%20%E2%80%9CNext%E2%80%9D.), *Citadel.one Wallet Guide*:

> Citadel.one is a non-custodial Proof-of-Stake platform for the management and storage of crypto assets.

The post also includes instructions on how to restore a wallet through the use of the seed phrase.

## Reproducibility

Citadel's GitHub account contains multiple repositories and appears to receive frequent updates. As such, this app is for verification.
