---
title: "Lumi Bitcoin and Crypto Wallet"
altTitle: 

users: 100000
appId: com.lumiwallet.android
launchDate: 2018-01-15
latestUpdate: 2020-05-20
apkVersionName: "3.0.7"
stars: 4.8
ratings: 1724
reviews: 561
size: 7.2M
website: https://lumiwallet.com
repository: 
issue: 
icon: com.lumiwallet.android.png
bugbounty: 
verdict: nosource # May be any of: wip, fewusers, nowallet, nobtc, custodial, nosource, nonverifiable, verifiable, bounty, defunct
date: 2020-06-15
reviewStale: false
signer: 
reviewArchive:


providerTwitter: Lumi_wallet
providerLinkedIn: 
providerFacebook: lumiwallet
providerReddit: 

permalink: /posts/com.lumiwallet.android/
redirect_from:
  - /com.lumiwallet.android/
---


**Update:** *Following a
[conversation on Twitter](https://twitter.com/Lumi_wallet/status/1272393956870049792)
we checked again and added statements of being Open Source and our take to
those.*

The description on their Playstore listing gets straight to the point:

> Security is Lumi Wallet’s primary focus: private keys are kept exclusively on
your device.

But ... the paragraph continues to state:

> All funds are held in cold storage and you always remain the sole owner of
your cryptocurrency.

```
What is cold storage?
---------------------

"cold" in a wallet context means that the key is not on a web-connected device.
This could be your keys only existing on a piece of paper in form of 12 words
or on a hardware wallet.

As these approaches usually involve plugging the hardware wallet into a
connected device or restoring the 12 words on such a device, these solutions are
not suited for institutions.

Institutions actually take "cold" to a higher level by having one computer that
never is connected - that stays cold - and transactions are built on a "hot"
computer and transferred to the "cold" computer on a pen-drive for example, to
be signed and be carried back to the "hot" computer the same way.
```

So what is it? "your device" is pretty hot for being cold storage. Them using
cold storage would be custodial.

> Universal backup is possible due to the use of the HD wallet model - one
mnemonic phrase will restore all your token wallets.

This sounds good again.

> No need to provide any personal info.

This also is not typical for custodial apps, as these would be required by law
to collect personal data.

On their website we find no link to the wallet's source code although they
claim:

> **Open-source** We’re ready to prove our reliability that’s why our code is
  publicly available.

In their
[FAQ we find](https://support.lumiwallet.com/support/solutions/articles/60000144083-is-lumi-open-source-):

> **Is Lumi open-source?**
> 
> Open-source is one of the major concepts in the cryptocurrency space as the
  whole industry basically grew up on it. Nowadays, building a crypto project
  without publishing at least a part of your code on GitHub is considered to be
  bad manners.
>
> We are proud to say that our core wallet technology is open-source. You can
  view the libraries (for Android, iOS and Web) that we use to generate private
  keys and sign the transactions.
>  
> We use these libraries in our apps and in the web version of the wallet. You
  are welcome to see and review it anytime via this
  [link](https://github.com/lumiwallet).

Public source is not about good or "bad manners". and "publishing at least a
part of your code" achieves nothing at all.

"We are proud to say that our core wallet technology is open-source." ... this
in turn is indeed something to proudly announce: The code they have on GitHub is
not only public but also Open Source. Their `lumi-android-core` for example
under the very permissive MIT license. Kudos to their contribution!

For peace of mind that the wallet doesn't contain backdoors though,
publishing libraries that are *used by the wallet*, without also *publishing
the wallet's code* itself is not enough and until that code is public at least
under a less permissive license, we have to remain with our verdict:
**not verifiable**
