---
title: "Trustee Wallet - best bitcoin and crypto wallet"
altTitle: 

users: 1000
appId: com.trusteewallet
launchDate: 2019-05-01
latestUpdate: 2020-01-16
apkVersionName: "1.29.347"
stars: 4.6
ratings: 47
reviews: 25
size: 13M
website: https://trustee.deals/
repository: https://github.com/trustee-wallet/trusteeWallet
issue: https://github.com/trustee-wallet/trusteeWallet/issues/1
icon: com.trusteewallet.png
bugbounty: 
verdict: nonverifiable # May be any of: wip, fewusers, nowallet, nobtc, custodial, nosource, nonverifiable, verifiable, bounty
date: 2019-12-28
reviewStale: true
reviewArchive:


internalIssue: 76
providerTwitter: 
providerLinkedIn: 
providerFacebook: Trustee.Wallet
providerReddit: 

permalink: /posts/com.trusteewallet/
redirect_from:
  - /com.trusteewallet/
---


The description

> **NON-CUSTODIAL**: Trustee doesn’t authorize third parties to store private
  keys and details of your assets, so operations remain only yours!
  Any time you buy or sell bitcoin we guarantee that no one else will save your
  transaction details. Everything is stored solely on your Trustee wallet and
  you are the only owner of your private keys and the seed phrase.

Wait ... what? "Trustee doesn’t authorize third parties to store private keys"?
So ... they are talking about **authorization** for **third** parties? I suppose
they themselves are the **second** party? So with above quote they may authorize
themselves to store your private keys? And they share them with third parties
but don't authorize them to store them? I think that is not what non-custodial
means.

But apparently the app is open source:

> Moreover, you can get familiar with Trustee’s open code on github.com,
  evaluate it and offer improvements.

Indeed there is a [GitHub](https://github.com/trustee-wallet/trusteeWallet) but
there is not much activity there. Two commits. This looks like development
happens behind closed doors, like in most other projects, too but usually
projects push many commits per version update and don't squash all changes into
a single commit by which the individual attribution and granular commit messages
are lost. As a reviewer it is often helpful in order to understand a line of code
to review in which context it was changed the way it is now. This can reveal the
connection of many changes in very remote files and thus complement documentation.

So lets see if this can be built:

```
$ git clone https://github.com/trustee-wallet/trusteeWallet.git
$ cd trusteeWallet/
$ git tag
v1.2
```

There is two commits. The last one is tagged `v1.2` and the version on Google
Play is `1.0` ... lets go with the other commit then :D

```
$ git checkout 7700
...
HEAD is now at 7700db0 v1.0
```

As this appears to be a react-native project and the build instructions really
are lacking, we try what worked with [BlueWallet](/bluewallet/):

<div class="language-plaintext highlighter-rouge">
<div class="highlight">
<pre class="highlight">
$ docker run --volume=$PWD:/mnt --workdir=/mnt  -it beevelop/cordova bash
root@67816e880eb6:/mnt# apt update
root@67816e880eb6:/mnt# apt install python make gcc g++
root@67816e880eb6:/mnt# npm install
...
<pre><span style="background-color:#2E3436"><font color="#D3D7CF">npm</font></span> <span style="background-color:#C4A000"><font color="#2E3436">WARN</font></span> <font color="#75507B">deprecated</font> tar.gz@1.0.7: ⚠️  WARNING ⚠️ tar.gz module has been deprecated and your application is vulnerable. Please use tar module instead: https://npmjs.com/tar
</pre>
...
root@67816e880eb6:/mnt# yes | /opt/android/tools/bin/sdkmanager "build-tools;28.0.3"
root@67816e880eb6:/mnt# ./gradlew bundleRelease
...
> Could not resolve androidx.legacy:legacy-support-v4:1.0.0-beta01.
...
</pre>
</div>
</div>

So after more than an hour of trial and error we give up.

The above "log" is omitting that `npm install` brought up errors about missing 
python, make, gcc and g++, one at a time and due to a bug, we had to delete
`node_modules/` before every new try of `npm install`.

In wallet projects, warnings like

> **⚠️  WARNING ⚠️ tar.gz module has been
deprecated and your application is vulnerable. Please use tar module instead:
https://npmjs.com/tar**

should be taken extra seriously!

> `Could not resolve androidx.legacy:legacy-support-v4:1.0.0-beta01.`

certainly can be fixed somehow, too but at this point we give up for now and
remain with the verdict: **not verifiable**.
